---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "haproxy_backend Resource - terraform-provider-haproxy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# haproxy_backend (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "haproxy_backend" "backend" {
  name           = "backend_test"
  mode           = "http"
  adv_check      = "enabled"
  server_timeout = "30000"

  balance {
    algorithm = "round-robin"
  }

  httpchk_params {
    method = "GET"
    uri    = "/health"
  }

  httpcheck {
    index       = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the backend. It must be unique and cannot be changed.

### Optional

- `adv_check` (String) The adv_check of the backend. Allowed: ssl-hello-chk|smtpchk|ldap-check|mysql-check|pgsql-check|tcp-check|redis-check|httpchk
- `balance` (Block Set) The balance of the backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--balance))
- `check_cache` (String) The check_cache of the backend.
- `check_timeout` (Number) The check_timeout of the backend.
- `connect_timeout` (Number) The connect_timeout of the backend.
- `forwardfor` (Block Set) The forwardfor of the backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--forwardfor))
- `http_connection_mode` (String) The http_connection_mode of the backend. Allowed: http-keep-alive|httpclose|http-server-close
- `httpcheck` (Block Set) httpchecks feature for backend (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--httpcheck))
- `httpchk_params` (Block Set) The httpchk_params of the backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--httpchk_params))
- `mode` (String) The mode of the backend. Allowed: http|tcp|log
- `queue_timeout` (Number) The queue_timeout of the backend.
- `retries` (Number) The retries of the backend.
- `server_timeout` (Number) The server_timeout of the backend.
- `tarpit_timeout` (Number) The tarpit_timeout of the backend.
- `tunnel_timeout` (Number) The tunnel_timeout of the backend.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--balance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `balance`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm of the balance. Allowed: first|hash|hdr|leastconn|random|rdp-cookie|roundrobin|source|static-rr|uri|url_param
- `url_param` (String) The url param if algorith is url_param. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$


<a id="nestedblock--forwardfor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `forwardfor`

Optional:

- `enabled` (String) The enabled of the forwardfor. Allowed: enabled


<a id="nestedblock--httpcheck"></a>
### Nested Schema for `httpcheck`

Required:

- `index` (Number) The index for httpcheck

Optional:

- `addr` (String) The addr for httpcheck. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$
- `match` (String) The status code for httpcheck response. Allowed: status|rstatus|hdr|fhdr|string|rstring
- `method` (String) The method for httpcheck. Allowed: HEAD|PUT|POST|GET|TRACE|PATCH|DELETE|CONNECT|OPTIONS
- `pattern` (String) The status code for httpcheck response
- `type` (String) The type for httpcheck. Allowed: comment|connect|disable-on-404|expect|send|send-state|set-var|set-var-fmt|unset-var


<a id="nestedblock--httpchk_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `httpchk_params`

Optional:

- `method` (String) The method of the httpchk_params. Allowed: HEAD|PUT|POST|GET|TRACE|PATCH|DELETE|CONNECT|OPTIONS
- `uri` (String) The uri of the httpchk_params. Pattern: ^[^ ]*$
- `version` (String) The version of the httpchk_params.
