---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "haproxy_frontend Resource - terraform-provider-haproxy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# haproxy_frontend (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "haproxy_frontend" "frontend" {
  name            = "frontend_test"
  backend         = "backend_test"
  mode            = "http"
  monitor_uri     = "/fe-status-check"

  monitor_fail {
    cond        = "if"
    cond_test   = "nbsrv(frontend_test)"
  }

  acl {
    acl_name    = "acl_test"
    index       = 0
    criterion   = "hdr(host)"
    value       = "example.com"
  }

  httprequestrule {
      index       = 0
      type        = "allow"
  }

  httpresponserule {
    index       = 0
    type        = "set-header"
  }

  depends_on = [
    haproxy_backend.backend
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_backend` (String) The name of the default_backend. Pattern: ^[A-Za-z0-9-_.:]+$
- `name` (String) The name of the frontend. It must be unique and cannot be changed.

### Optional

- `accept_invalid_http_request` (String) The accept invalid http request of the frontend. Allowed: enabled|disabled
- `acl` (Block Set) A list of ACLs to configure (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--acl))
- `backlog` (Number) The backlog of the frontend.
- `error_log_format` (String) The error log format of the frontend.
- `from` (String) The from of the frontend.
- `http_connection_mode` (String) The http connection mode of the frontend. Allowed: httpclose|http-server-close|http-keep-alive
- `http_keep_alive_timeout` (Number) The http keep alive timeout of the frontend.
- `http_request_timeout` (Number) The http request timeout of the frontend.
- `http_use_proxy_header` (String) The http use proxy header of the frontend. Allowed: enabled|disabled
- `httplog` (Boolean) The http log of the frontend.
- `httprequestrule` (Block Set) A list of httprequest to configure (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--httprequestrule))
- `httpresponserule` (Block Set) A list of httprequest to configure (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--httpresponserule))
- `httpslog` (String) The https log of the frontend. Allowed: enabled|disabled
- `log_format` (String) The log format of the frontend.
- `log_format_sd` (String) The log format sd of the frontend.
- `maxconn` (Number) The max connection of the frontend.
- `mode` (String) The mode of the frontend. Allowed: http|tcp
- `monitor_fail` (Block Set) The monitor_fail of the frontend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitor_fail))
- `monitor_uri` (String) The monitor uri of the frontend.
- `tcplog` (Boolean) The tcp log of the frontend.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Required:

- `acl_name` (String) The acl name. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$
- `criterion` (String) The criterion. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$
- `index` (Number) The index of the acl
- `parent_name` (String) The frontend name of the acl
- `parent_type` (String) The parent type. Allowed: frontend
- `value` (String) The value of the criterion


<a id="nestedblock--httprequestrule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `httprequestrule`

Required:

- `index` (Number) The index of the httpresponserules in the parent object starting at 0
- `parent_name` (String) The name of the parent object
- `parent_type` (String) The type of the parent object. Allowed: frontend
- `type` (String) The type of the check, Allowed: Allowed: add-acl|add-header|allow|auth|cache-use|capture|del-acl|del-header|del-map|deny|disable-l7-retry|do-resolve|early-hint|lua|normalize-uri|redirect|reject|replace-header|replace-path|replace-pathq|replace-uri|replace-value|return|sc-add-gpc|sc-inc-gpc|sc-inc-gpc0|sc-inc-gpc1|sc-set-gpt|sc-set-gpt0|send-spoe-group|set-dst|set-dst-port|set-header|set-log-level|set-map|set-mark|set-method|set-nice|set-path|set-pathq|set-priority-class|set-priority-offset|set-query|set-src|set-src-port|set-timeout|set-tos|set-uri|set-var|silent-drop|strict-mode|tarpit|track-sc0|track-sc1|track-sc2|track-sc|unset-var|use-service|wait-for-body|wait-for-handshake|set-bandwidth-limit

Optional:

- `cond` (String) The condition of the httpresponserules. Allowed: if|unless
- `cond_test` (String) The condition test of the httpresponserules
- `hdr_format` (String) The header format of the httpresponserules. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$
- `hdr_name` (String) The header name of the httpresponserules
- `redir_type` (String) The redirection type of the httpresponserules. Allowed: location|prefix|scheme
- `redir_value` (String) The redirection value of the httpresponserules. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$


<a id="nestedblock--httpresponserule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `httpresponserule`

Required:

- `index` (Number) The index of the httpresponserules in the parent object starting at 0
- `parent_name` (String) The name of the parent object
- `parent_type` (String) The type of the parent object. Allowed: frontend
- `type` (String) The type of the check, Allowed: Allowed: add-acl|add-header|allow|cache-store|capture|del-acl|del-header|del-map|deny|lua|redirect|replace-header|replace-value|return|sc-add-gpc|sc-inc-gpc|sc-inc-gpc0|sc-inc-gpc1|sc-set-gpt|sc-set-gpt0|send-spoe-group|set-header|set-log-level|set-map|set-mark|set-nice|set-status|set-timeout|set-tos|set-var|set-var-fmt|silent-drop|strict-mode|track-sc0|track-sc1|track-sc2|track-sc|unset-var|wait-for-body|set-bandwidth-limit

Optional:

- `cond` (String) The condition of the httpresponserules. Allowed: if|unless
- `cond_test` (String) The condition test of the httpresponserules
- `hdr_format` (String) The header format of the httpresponserules
- `hdr_name` (String) The header name of the httpresponserules
- `redir_type` (String) The redirection type of the httpresponserules. Allowed: location|prefix|scheme
- `redir_value` (String) The redirection value of the httpresponserules. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$


<a id="nestedblock--monitor_fail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitor_fail`

Required:

- `cond` (String) The cond of the monitor_fail. Allowed: if|unless
- `cond_test` (String) The cond_test of the monitor_fail.
