---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "haproxy_server Resource - terraform-provider-haproxy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# haproxy_server (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "haproxy_server" "server" {
  name               = "example-server"
  address            = "192.168.1.10"
  port               = 8080
  parent_name        = "example-backend"
  parent_type        = "backend"

  depends_on         = [
    haproxy_backend.backend
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The address of the server. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$
- `name` (String) The name of the server. It must be unique and cannot be changed.
- `parent_name` (String) The name of the parent object
- `parent_type` (String) The type of the parent object. Allowed: backend|ring|peers
- `port` (Number) The port of the server. Constraints: Min 1┃Max 65535

### Optional

- `check` (Boolean) To enable health check for the server. Allowed: enabled|disabled
- `check_ssl` (Boolean) To enable health check ssl if different port is used. Allowed: enabled|disabled
- `ciphers` (String) ciphers to support
- `ciphersuites` (String) ciphersuites to support
- `fall` (Number) The fall value states that a server will be considered as failed after consecutive unsuccessful health checks.
- `force_sslv3` (String) State of SSLv3 protocol support for the SSL. Allowed: enabled┃disabled
- `force_tlsv10` (String) State of TLSv1.0 protocol support for the SSL. Allowed: enabled┃disabled
- `force_tlsv11` (String) State of TLSv1.1 protocol. Allowed: enabled┃disabled
- `force_tlsv12` (String) State of TLSv1.2 protocol. Allowed: enabled┃disabled
- `force_tlsv13` (String) State of TLSv1.3 protocol. Allowed: enabled┃disabled
- `health_check_port` (Number) The health check port of the server. Constraints: Min 1┃Max 65535
- `inter` (Number) The inter value is the time interval in milliseconds between two consecutive health checks.
- `rise` (Number) The rise value states that a server will be considered as operational after consecutive successful health checks.
- `send_proxy` (Boolean) To send a Proxy Protocol header to the backend server. Allowed: enabled|disabled
- `ssl` (String) Enables ssl
- `ssl_cafile` (String) The ssl certificate ca file. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$
- `ssl_certificate` (String) The ssl certificate. Pattern: ^[^\s]+$
- `ssl_max_ver` (String) The ssl max version. Allowed: SSLv3┃TLSv1.0┃TLSv1.1┃TLSv1.2┃TLSv1.3
- `ssl_min_ver` (String) The ssl min version. Allowed: SSLv3┃TLSv1.0┃TLSv1.1┃TLSv1.2┃TLSv1.3
- `ssl_reuse` (String) Reuse ssl existion connection. Allowed: enabled┃disabled
- `verify` (String) The certificate verification for backend servers. Allowed: none┃required
- `weight` (Number) The weight of the server

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
